---
title: "Your Relation With The Gods & Communicating Properly"
source: https://templeofzeus.org/RelationWithTheGods.php
category: 02-About
retrieved: 2026-07-10
---
# Your Relation With The Gods & Communicating Properly

\-High Priest Zevios Metathronos  
[read on the Forums](https://ancient-forums.com/threads/your-relation-with-the-gods-communicating-properly.96592/#post-508059)

Let's now embark on a very beautiful topic in regard to Communication with the Gods, one of the most important topics in Spiritual Satanism

That topic is a highly besieged topic, with most sources coming from the works of the Yehuborim, while real sources from real Initiated people to the Gods who have taken it seriously historically, are hidden or not expressed. Of course, the Gods, according to the Yehuborim, are "liars" and many other epithets of evil notions have been ascribed to them. It's well known that the Yehuborim only attempted to slander the Gods and any of "their attempts" for any "Communication", were borne out of evil intents on the part of these Yehuborim "Sorcerers".

Long story short, 99% of the things one reads online on these topic, are pure lies that were generated out of these writings of slander and falsehood.

It's natural that when these evil people went to consult the Gods, sources of highest good, they were lied to, denied and trolled from embarking in these in anyway. Yet that much is not an accurate statement either; because these entities were never in any real "Communication" with the Gods at all. They just made up slanderous stories and wrote them to instate fear in the population, which was unknowing, but also to deter their own from even attempting Communication any way, because that would eventually lead them to the Truths that these beings decided to hide for their own particular vile interests.

All Yehuboric accounts on these topics are lies. They had ill intents and they followed programs of lies and deception, yet they also have the nerve to attempt to add insult to injury and slander upon the Gods for their own evil and defiled actions. For that reason, no account of the deceived ones must ever be taken in consideration to any of this, anymore than a lying slanderer has issued any text about beings they have been sworn to hate.

One will never find the Truth about these subject, but only here. The people that love the Gods and have been loved by them, know them to be beings of Truth and Enlightenment. They can see through any human like an open book, in their entirety. The sacredness of these procedures has also been villified by the Yehuborim, who want the whole situation of this topic to be hidden behind walls of lies, deception and falsehood. This topic will bring these walls down, same as our truthful knowledge will bring down the walls of ignorance.

Over the years in Spiritual Satanism I have noticed a lot of people tend to maintain a wrong mindset when it comes to matters such as Communication with the Gods and so on. In this path, you are supposed to actively seek the Gods, try to understand them and do your best to develop abilities to advance yourself. Every Spiritual Satanist is assigned a Guardian Demon, who oversees their progress and is there to help you when you need it, in accordance to your issues and level of development at the time

Delusion, not having advanced properly enough, or lack of understanding, or not having a proper Spiritual Satanist mindset, can jeopardize this process and lead to numerous mistakes. One still should not be afraid or reluctant in contacting the Gods, but for actual success in this topic \[success = growth, moving away from delusion\], the Gods cannot be used as scapegoats for irrationality or falsehood in one's life

When one consults the Gods, you learn over time to receive their messages correctly. Then, one must learn to take responsibility when this was not the case. Above all, Spiritual Satanism and the ways of the Gods, on the higher levels, are understood as a default because one finally "Has become a Spiritual Satanist", so consulting the Gods on every small topic is no longer necessary when you are advanced. When you begin, in order to verify their existence, you might want to do this very often and the Gods will be there to give you signs and so on. That is fine if you are a beginner. After a while, one understands that one can handle things on their own.

The Gods are not here to create for you a situation where you must rely on them about eating a sandwich or not, what color to paint your nails, or even other more nonsense I have heard over the years like one woman who "Was going shopping astral with Azazel and asking his opinion on clothing". These states described here do not represent the Gods and they are delusions borne out of one's own mind, which the mind can give credibility into to justify other weaknesses. It's your own mind that will be perverted first from these notions and YOU will be the person confusing YOURSELF if you do these things

These states will also make one break trust with the Gods, because one is not really talking to them, but delusions they are creating, and eventually these will crack down on some important question, because the ability to truly communicate is not established or present. Deceived by the idea that one hears them on what color clothes to buy, they will also later on ask them on some important topic, and when all things will fall apart in their life, they will try to invalidate all their previous experiences.

There are dangers borne out of delusion that can arise out of this, and the Gods nor the ToZ are responsible for this. Many people do want a form of a video game situation, but this is life and not a video-game. The Gods are seriously interested in you, so they will help you find YOURSELF in most cases. They can do anything and they are extremely powerful. But the question here is to teach you how to find things yourself

There is not a thing under the world that Thoth does not know. That much is True. But what about you? The whole process here is to make beings like the Gods, not people just dependent upon them. Their aim is to bring people up there, not to come down there solely to assist

The Yehuboric entities are out there doing "favors" and quick band fixes for people. The uninitiated can get anything and they "worship" these, because they have lost the meaning of life. The purpose of life is to expand past this and to see your own potential. It's not to be constantly a being in ignorance that relies due to weakness only to the Gods. The SELF must be discovered. The Gods help in that process.

Another thing it's best to avoid, is going to the Gods to make your own decisions, because they will not really do that. They will help you and inform you, and give you insight. But then your decisions are your own choices, whether you will take this or that path. If you want to talk to a girl or not, you should take this decision and mature up to it, there is no point to do a full blown Ritual and evoke all the powers just to go say "Hello" to somebody. If you engage in this process and you hear wrong, you will then blame the Gods (again, deflecting your own responsibility and lack of mature communication, to them)

A case where also mutual deception can take place, and a reason to avoid interactions with people that are not yet acclimated to the path, is that children gather together with the Ouija Board or something else, and they start asking questions. Another kid picks up the Pendulum (they practiced for a while of 3 days) and then they ask the numbers of the Lotto. Then they don't win the Lotto, and they are so confused, mad at one another and the Gods. Or another person who does not know the Gods, issues holier than thou statements, born only after their emotional need to prove themselves of not being at a level that they are yet. This creates mutual deception and can be catastrophic.

The same people also in this case are the people who want to "try for themselves" and will bring out most commonly the line about "No Mediators", because they essentially try to meditate for themselves and their other 14 year old friend; they cannot listen to wisdom as they perceive it's a negative thing, but they don't understand what kind of negativity they cause to themselves and others by these processes of actually "Mediating". There is nothing bad in that form of experimentation, but one must know what they are doing and not take these things too far.

You can definitely try to ride a car when you are 9 years old. To try to prove your parents wrong or something like that, or just for fun, or because you felt like it. You might also successfully bring it to the supermarket, once or twice even. But the chances are that this journey ends up with a crashed car. If you have another on the passenger seat, then you must consider their existence also. Communication with the Gods should be taken seriously, but experimented with regardless. But still it's a very serious topic

For reasons such as the above, many of these methods in the ToZ were only taught in Ancient Schools to people well over their 30 years of age. There were strong reasons for this. At 30 you understand that if you give wrong advice, it can be bad for another. When you are 15, you care more for other emotional matters. Other topics were shared with people only after they were 45 plus years old; where the feelings of social responsibility are more important than other feelings. Of course, we do not put age limitations at this point, but that won't stop me from saying these facts to illustrate the reality of the situation.

To protect you from these situations described above, which are forms of self-delusion that will in the end violate your trust with the Gods, I have to clarify these topics and be honest. Yes, I know the stuff about "No mediators in Spiritual Satanism". But, there won't be anyone else's responsibility if you think you went with Azazel on the mall to help you pick up clothes; in other words, the delusions you might create, will not be with me, since I make this post and thoroughly explain it all - they will be solely upon you. They won't even be on the Gods themselves. Oftentimes, people also might deflect their own personal problems or dilemmas towards the Gods, eventually receiving biased or wrong divination, only to blame them later for it.

Deflecting these is different from just asking them for guidance to solve your problems. Deflection means you throw the responsibility on them over what you try to do, instead of you taking this responsibility. In regard to the topic of "No Mediators", there is topic here explaining more about this

["There Are No Mediators In Satanism" =/= "Only God Can Judge Me"](https://ancient-forums.com/index.php?threads/there-are-no-mediators-in-satanism-only-god-can-judge-me.38781/)

If you makeup your own version of anything, and you just try to enforce the standard of your mere feelings into this, like most people do with "Allah" and other non-existing things, you will have to endure eventually the weight of delusion falling on you. That is a very unpleasant experience. Since there are many lies on these topics, it's my task to help rectify these. At the same time it's your job to evaluate your own path-walking, and apply the "No Mediators" rule in a sensible manner, ie, by learning from experience and knowing where you are at, at any given point.

My aim here is to make sure that you make the least amount of errors possible in this path, but learning = errors. We learn by errors, and errors are welcome. Therefore, to reduce the margin of these errors or potential catastrophe, I can only advise up to an extent. Then one must reason out on their own and yes, take accountability for their own reasoning.

Trying to use the Gods in a form of a parasitic relationship, or a relationship of mommy-baby type, is only going to work for very new initiates most of the time. When you are new, they will really take care of you until you become a grown up in the path (that is also related to your age). In the early aspects of your development, you are a baby and your are expected to behave as a baby; the Gods too understand it and they are trying to acclimate you with your new experience, of which nothing else has existed prior.

Outsiders simply have no idea of how it is to have truly existing Gods. They do not know how it is to receive signs, to receive answers, or to receive guidance and counsel actually from higher beings

Building fundamental communication with the Gods is based upon trust and serious personality development on your behalf for the most part. The personality development is the most serious foundation, alongside your ability to awaken the astral body in order to finally communicate. It's a privillege to earn and it has nothing to do with just a notion of entitlement. It's about developing the personality and power necessary for this.

The ego requires rectification in order to embark in proper communication that has meaning, alternatively, it will always get in the way. Even with this, one can only do this very well when there is sound ethical construction in a mind. Ethical construction is given because the Ego balances out with the Higher Self via Ethics. Your higher self does not have always the longings and problems of the lesser ego. Because alternatively your requests and the things you ask for, will be more confused and cause confusion. The balance in these and you actually being disciplined and raising your level of understanding, are the key factors to consider in order to grow

Communication with the Gods, unlike the Yehuboric religions which is "Everything goes", is a high hierarchical structure. Despite of lines and Westernized "liberal" notions of "No Meditators", the reality of the Ancient World is that people knew where they were, and it was accepted that not everyone is on the same level. So they had a hierarchical system of approach, that had to do with interpretation of the messages of the Gods. Some messages are highly personal and it's up to you to figure them out, but others are strict and deal with society. Creating always your own version out of things is something that won't really serve in the longterm or for very serious topics of learning with the Gods.

When the Gods want to teach you about something, they don't just scrap on the surface of knowledge. If you ask the Gods how you can become rich, the Gods will put you on a path for you, based on your request. This path might involve learning, change of self, and self adaptation so you rise to that level. Love and other topics are similar. They can also do miracles, but the most important thing they do is they actually guide you and show you that you have powers to attain these purposes, in order so that you develop and find the God within. When there are obstacles that are beyond understanding or beyond ability to solve, they will lead you to understand how to solve them. Finally, the Gods can know what one can or cannot do, and they will help you understand the limitations that you have.

Lastly, if I recall correctly, the Ancient Philosopher Plutarch, writes very vividly a story where people convened with Azazel \[Apollo\] to inquire about the building of a temple dedicated to Him. Instead of him giving the ready plans and everything, his response was only two words: "Learn Geometry". This put the initiates to study further sacred geometry, and then the Gods showed people as they went. Eventually the temple was built, but the answer was only "Learn Geometry" because the Gods wanted the people to know and have this knowledge, not just give them everything on the platter. This is how human beings evolve.

The smaller Daemons can help with many personal matters and situations in one's life, also. That is not to make their importance lesser. But the Grand Gods are interested in teaching people the arts of existence. If a Grand God is asked a question, instead of just leading you to a quick patch up solution, they will give guidance so the knowledge of a subject is attained.